
C# interview question

Angular best Interview Questions
https://github.com/PranamBhat/Angular-Interview-Questions

Best practices in c#
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/design-best-practices-in-net-c-8e37b7c3500a
https://www.mygreatlearning.com/blog/c-sharp-interview-questions/

Singleton design pattern
https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/singleton-design-pattern/

SQL Queried interviw questions
https://thispointer.com/mysql-delete-duplicate-rows-but-keep-one/#:~:text=Rows%20in%20MySQL.-,Delete%20the%20duplicate%20rows%20but%20keep%20latest%20%3A%20using%20GROUP%20BY,function%20and%20GROUP%20BY%20clause.

Overloading and overriding
https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/csharp/understanding-virtual-override-and-new-keyword-in-csharp

DI or IOC
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/overview-dependency-injection-in-asp-net-core/

Best topic for method overloading
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/all-about-method-overloading-in-c-sharp/

https://singztechmusings.wordpress.com/2011/06/20/sql-how-to-create-a-table-from-another-table-without-copying-any-values-from-the-old-table/

https://taagung.com/method-overloading/

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/c-sharp-method-overriding/

Questions asked :
Types of classes
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/0c1bb2/types-of-classes-in-C-Sharp1/

Types of Filters in ASP.NET MVC and their Sequence of Execution
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/filters-in-Asp-Net-mvc-5-0-part-twelve/

Types of Result in MVC or Web API
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/types-of-web-api-action-results/

When to use Patch, Put, Post
https://programmerspub.com/blog/general/difference-between-post-vs-put-vs-patch

Real life use of delegate
https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/delegates-real-time-example-csharp/
https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/anonymous-method-c-sharp/

When to use interface and abstract
https://www.infoworld.com/article/2928719/when-to-use-an-abstract-class-vs-interface-in-csharp.html

What is use of constructor in abstract as it cannot be instantiated
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/955025/C-Sharpinterviewquestionpart7can-an-abstract-class-have-a-constr/

Row number and rank in sql, nth highest salary query
https://www.sqlshack.com/overview-of-sql-rank-functions/
https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/2016/01/4-ways-to-find-nth-highest-salary-in.html?m=1

Char vs Varchar difference in sql
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/char-vs-varchar-in-sql/

JWT authentication how you passed key from angular
https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/angular/token-based-authentication-json-web-token-aspnet-core

Can we return multiple values using sql/c# function
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/9b86d4/how-to-return-multiple-values-from-a-function-in-C-Sharp/
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/sql/sql-server-2008-r2/ms191165(v=sql.105)?redirectedfrom=MSDN

What we use when use does'nt saved details and try to navigate in angular
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/create-angular-unsaved-changes-alert/

Yeild, 
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/5ef30d/understanding-yield-return-in-C-Sharp/

out, ref, class members are ref or value type
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-ref-and-out-keywords-in-c-sharp/

Why we use sealed classes
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/sealed-class-in-C-Sharp/

Difference between ViewData,ViewBag, Tempdata
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/blogs/viewdata-vs-viewbag-vs-tempdata-in-mvc1

Difference between value and reference type
https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/csharp/csharp-value-type-and-reference-type

Shallow copy deep copy
https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/shallow-copy-and-deep-copy/

What is viewport in html
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_rwd_viewport.asp

Difference between display none vs hidden
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/133051/what-is-the-difference-between-visibilityhidden-and-displaynone

Different ways to create object
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/different-ways-to-create-an-object-in-c-sharp/

What is use of new keyword apart from creating objects
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/g_arora/discussing-new-keyword-of-C-Sharp/

Garbage collector finalise vs 
https://dotnetinter.livejournal.com/92200.html

Dynamic x = null, var x = null

Which one you will use between function and sp
https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/sqlserver/difference-between-stored-procedure-and-function-in-sql-server

Is creating index will solve performance tuning problem
https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/advantages-and-disadvantages-of-indexes-sql-server/

Delete vs truncate vs drop
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-delete-drop-and-truncate/

Multithreading
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/c-sharp-multithreading/
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/multithreading-in-c-sharp/

Localstorage vs session storage
https://dev.to/rohanshakya/javascript-local-storage-vs-session-storage-vs-cookies-95n

Subject, behavoral subject
https://www.tektutorialshub.com/angular/subjects-in-angular/
https://www.tektutorialshub.com/angular/replaysubject-behaviorsubject-asyncsubject-in-angular/

SQL Injection
https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection

TPL in c#
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/parallel-programming-using-tpl-in-net/

Using keyword 
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/manas1/usage-and-importance-of-using-in-C-Sharp472/

https://www.guru99.com/mvc-interview-questions.html

Linq, Lambda
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/linq-language-integrated-query/

Delete vs truncate vs drop
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/blogs/difference-between-truncate-delete-and-drop-in-sql-server1

why we use singleton instead of static
https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/singleton-vs-static-class/

https://www.tutorialspoint.com/why-singleton-class-is-always-sealed-in-chash

can we use protected as constructor
https://www.codegrepper.com/code-examples/whatever/add+a+%27protected%27+constructor+or+the+%27static%27+keyword+to+the+class+declaration+program.cs

can abstract class inherit abstract class also interface
https://www.bestprog.net/en/2020/04/04/c-abstract-class-basic-concepts-examples/

Can a class inherit an abstract class along with an interface?

Early binding and late binding
https://www.bestprog.net/en/2020/04/10/c-late-and-early-binding-polymorphism-basic-concepts-examples-passing-a-reference-to-a-base-class-in-a-method/

JWT Token based authentication
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/how-to-use-jwt-authentication-with-web-api/

Acid property
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/acid-properties-in-dbms/amp

How to enable sessions in .net core
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/how-to-use-session-in-asp-net-core/

JSON files present in .net core
https://www.csharpstar.com/configuration-json-files-in-asp-net-core/

Throw ex vs throw
https://www.dotnetjalps.com/2013/10/throw-vs-throw-ex-csharp.html?m=1

Delegates, action predicate, func
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/blogs/c-sharp-generic-delegates-func-action-and-predicate

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/func-action-predicate-delegates-in-c-sharp/

Ienumerable vs iqueryble
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/a20beb/ienumerable-vs-iqueryable-in-linq/

Exception handling
https://code-maze.com/global-error-handling-aspnetcore/

Scenario based questions
http://challlengebrains.blogspot.com/2014/06/real-time-scenario-based-interview.html?m=1

Static vs Singleton
https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/singleton-vs-static-class/

Why private constructor in singleton class
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/why-singleton-class-is-always-sealed-in-chash

Abstract vs Interface
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/d0e913/abstract-class-interface-two-villains-of-every-interview/

When to abstract vs interface
https://www.infoworld.com/article/2928719/when-to-use-an-abstract-class-vs-interface-in-csharp.html

Can abstract class contain constructor
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/955025/C-Sharpinterviewquestionpart7can-an-abstract-class-have-a-constr/

Fork join promise observable
https://medium.com/@swarnakishore/performing-multiple-http-requests-in-angular-4-5-with-forkjoin-74f3ac166d61

Fragment caching
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/2072a9/caching-in-Asp-Net/

Api versioning
https://www.infoworld.com/article/3562355/how-to-use-api-versioning-in-aspnet-core.amp.html
 

1.when to use linq and when to use sP's 

https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/linq/comparing-linq-with-stored-procedure 

 

2.delegates 

http://www.tutorialsteacher.com/csharp/csharp-delegates 

 

3.content negotiation in web api 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/dacca2/understand-content-negotiation-in-web-api/ 

 

4.status codes in web api 

https://restfulapi.net/http-status-codes/ 

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status 

 

5.wcf vs web api vs web services 

https://www.saksoft.com/advantages-of-web-api-over-wcf/ 

 

https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/webapi/difference-between-wcf-and-web-api-and-wcf-rest-and-web-service 

 

6.web api vs mvc controller 

https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/webapi/difference-between-aspnet-mvc-and-aspnet-web-api 

 

7.Increatment id value from entity class for every instance like how sql do with Identity 

 

 

8.digest in angularjs 

 

 

9.Best way to transafer data from component to another component in angular2 

https://angularfirebase.com/lessons/sharing-data-between-angular-components-four-methods/ 

 

10.how to invoke specific method in sub classes if we have same methods in two 

Interfaces 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/8911c4/implicit-and-explicit-interface-examples/ 

 

11.can we create constructor for abstract class and interface and static class. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDcQhy2LfZs 

http://www.zoeller.us/blog/2017/4/30/csharp-interfaces-with-a-constructor 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/blogs/all-about-static-method-constructor-and-class-in-c-sharp 

 

12.how to can we write the code to store hit count for website. 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/cd3aa3/7526/ 

 

13.how can we pass mulitple models to view without using viewmodel - using tuples (or) 

viewdata or dynamic model binding 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/ff2f08/multiple-models-in-single-view-in-mvc/ 

 

14.write program to find second least digit of a number 

https://www.w3resource.com/csharp-exercises/array/csharp-array-exercise-17.php 

 

15.write program to find missing element from array which can have number from 1-10 

in random order. 

 

 

16.remove duplicates from string and print. 

 

17.n tier architechture 

https://stackify.com/n-tier-architecture/ 

 

18.diff interface vs abstract 

https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/11155/Abstract-Class-versus-Interface 

 

19.encapsulation vs abstraction 

https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/1037139/%2FArticles%2F1037139%2FDifference-between-Encapsulation-and-Abstraction-i 

 

20.why do we use interface with directly access members and functions from class. 

 

21.factory vs services and when do we use in real time in angular JS. 

 

22.ng-if vs ng-switch 

https://codecraft.tv/courses/angular/built-in-directives/ngif-and-ngswitch/ 

 

23.one time biding vs one way binding vs two binding 

https://blog.cloudboost.io/basic-data-binding-with-angular-67680fc149e6 

 

24.scope in angularjs 

 

25.user defined function vs sp's 

https://www.spritle.com/blogs/2011/03/03/differences-between-stored-procedures-and-user-defined-functions/ 

 

26.can we pass table as parameter to sp's 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/blogs/userdefined-table-type-and-table-valued-parameters-in-stored-procedure-to-reduce-the-code-size-in-code-behind-file 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/rohatash/passing-table-to-a-store-procedure-parameter-in-sql-server-2/ 

 

@@identity vs scope_Identity 

 

27.date format functions 

https://www.mssqltips.com/sqlservertip/2655/format-sql-server-dates-with-format-function/ 

 

28.which design pattern used in your project 

 

29.what steps u should follow to improve sql query performace and optimization. 

https://www.winwire.com/25-tips-to-improve-sql-query-performance/ 

 

30.Attribute routing. 

https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/mvc/understanding-attribute-routing-in-aspnet-mvc 

 

31.Extension methods 

http://www.tutorialsteacher.com/csharp/csharp-extension-method 

 

32.html helpers 

http://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/htmlhelper-textarea-textareafor 

 

33.custom exceptions 

http://www.tutorialsteacher.com/csharp/custom-exception-csharp 

 

34.how to configure packages in nuget package manager 

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/ways-to-install-a-package 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

35.outer join 

https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_join_full.asp 

 

36.diff left join vs left outer join 

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/406294/left-join-vs-left-outer-join-in-sql-server 

 

37.sql to query to get 2nd highest salary 

http://www.java67.com/2015/01/second-highest-salary-in-mysql-and-sql-server.html 

 

38.table have EmployeeId,employeeName and managerID 

write a query to get manager name of employee an empid = xxxx, user self joins 

https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_join_self.asp 

 

39.how authentication works, if the token is stored in cookie then where do we write code 

for that. 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/purpose-of-validateantiforgerytoken-in-mvc-application/ 

 

40.why do we use interface instead of directly using class in our projects. 

 

41.what is the use of yield keyword. 

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39476/what-is-the-yield-keyword-used-for-in-c 

 

42.diff array vs arrayList vs list 

https://www.codeproject.com/Tips/855546/What-is-the-Difference-between-ArrayList-and-List 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/blogs/difference-between-array-and-arraylist-in-c-sharp 

 

43.diff IEnumarable vs Iqueryable 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/a20beb/ienumerable-vs-iqueryable-in-linq/ 

 

44.Action filters in mvc 

https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/mvc/understanding-aspnet-mvc-filters-and-attributes 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/action-filter-in-mvc/ 

http://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/actionverbs-in-mvc 

 

45.returntypes in Web API 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/types-of-web-api-action-results/ 

 

46.How to return XML as response in Web API 

 

47.Diff between n tier and MVC 

 

48.Circular dependency 

49.Static, readonly, static readonly 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/c210df/difference-between-const-readonly-and-static-readonly-in-C-Sharp/ 

 

50.Single, singleordefault 

https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/linq/understanding-single-singleordefault-first-and-firstordefault 

 

String and string 

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7074/what-is-the-difference-between-string-and-string-in-c/52841014 

 

 

 

 

-------------------------subhani---------------- 

1.Difference between truncate and delete 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/blogs/difference-between-truncate-delete-and-drop-in-sql-server1 

 

2.How can you increase the performance in angular js application 

 

3.Difference between lList and dictionary 

 

4.difference between list and arraylist 

https://www.codeproject.com/Tips/855546/%2FTips%2F855546%2FWhat-is-the-Difference-between-ArrayList-and-List 

 

5.error handling in MVC 

https://stackify.com/aspnet-mvc-error-handling/ 

6. Error handling in web api 

https://stackify.com/aspnet-mvc-error-handling/ 

7. Return types of web api action method 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/types-of-web-api-action-results/ 

8. Routing in web api 

9. Routing in MVC 

http://www.tutorialsteacher.com/mvc/routing-in-mvc 

10. How to register exception filter globally. 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/0ef46a/exception-filters-in-mvc/ 

11. Angular js app life cycle 

12. MVC routing life cycle. 

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/00a8b7/Asp-Net-mvc-life-cycle/ 

13.collections 

http://www.tutorialsteacher.com/csharp/csharp-collection 

14.Generics 

http://www.tutorialsteacher.com/csharp/csharp-generics 

15. Dispose and finalize 

https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/netframework/difference-between-finalize-and-dispose-method 

16.diff dictionary and hashtable 

17. Diff abstract class and interface 

18. Diff between http get and http post 

19. What is temp table and table type 

20. Oops principles(inheritance,polymorphism,abstraction,encapsulation) 

21. Example for abstraction 

22. Example for encapsulation 

 

24. Explain digest life cycle 

30. What is a promise in angular 

31.diiff ref and out parameters 

32. What is web api and advantages 

33. Types of filters in MVC 

34. Attribute based routing 

35.action filters 

36. Diff between view bag and view data 

37. State management techniques in asp.net 

38. Indexers in c# 

39. Situation where you disagree with your lead or manager. 

most challenging task you faced. 

41. Why you want to change from your current company. 

42. Http handlers 

Triggers 

Index 

Diff between sp and function 

Solid principles 

https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/703634/%2FArticles%2F703634%2FSOLID-architecture-principles-using-simple-Csharp#Understanding%E2%80%9CS%E2%80%9D-SRP(Singleresponsibilityprinciple). 

Delegates and events examples 

What is assembly? Assembly types? 

@identity and @@identity 

What are views and indexes 

What are dynamic scripts 

Difference between variables and property in a class 

 

Difference between ExecuteReader, ExecuteScalar  

https://www.aspsnippets.com/Articles/Difference-between-ExecuteReader-ExecuteScalar-and-ExecuteNonQuery.aspx 

 

 

------------------------------Sowdhanya--------------------------- 

1. Difference between ‘==’ and ‘===’ in javascript 

2. Difference between firstordefault() & singleordefault() 

3. What is typescript? 

4. Diff. b/w $emit & $broadcast 

5. Link in custom directive (prelink, postlink) 

6. Diff. b/w c# and javascript as programming languages 

7. Pages in Statemanagement 

8. Diff. b/w Service & factory in angularjs 

9. What type of language used in angularjs 

10. Types of scopes in angularjs 

11. What is ng-transclude 

12. What is string interpolation 

13. About ur current project 

14. What is unity framework 

15. What is repository framework 

16. Diff b/w Clustered index and non clustered index 

17. What are the extension methods in c# 

18. Dependency injection 

19. ViewBag, ViewData and TempData 

20. Difference b/w Var and dynamic 

21. Difference b/w Dynamic & object 

22. What is assembly? 

23. Access modifiers 

24. Diff. b/w IEnumerable & Enumerable, IEnumerable & IList 

25. Diff. b/w Variables & properties 

26. How to declare only get method to property 

27. Diff. b/w application variable & Session Variable 

28. Diff. b/w ng-show, ng-if, ng-hide 

29. What is the scenario only where ng-if should work 

30. How to pass parameters through custom directive 

31. Diff. b/w angular, jquery & javascript 

32. Angular.copy 

33. Diff b/w shallow copy & Deep copy 

34. What is digest cycle 

35. One way, two way & one time binding 

36. Diff. b/w abstraction & interface 

37. Divide a number without division operator 

38. Service & factory differences 

39. When to use abstraction instead of interface 

40. When to use Interface instead of abstraction 

 

 

============ Hari=========== 

1) SOLID principles. 

https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/703634/%2FArticles%2F703634%2FSOLID-architecture-principles-using-simple-Csharp#Understanding%E2%80%9CS%E2%80%9D-SRP(Singleresponsibilityprinciple). 

2) What is Delegates? Use of delegate and multicast delegate 

3) Indexers in c# 

4) Events in c# 

5) SDLC 

6) Design patterns 

7) Find the second smallest number in given “340123” with out built in functions 

8) Filters 

9) Allowananymous 

10) Diff b/w method overloading and overriding 

11) Diff b/w function and sp 

12) What is rownumber(),rank ,Dense rank in sql 

13) What is Threading? Types .how to use and when to use 

14) Clusterd index and non clusterd index 

15) Waht is optional parametrs 

16) Diff b/w ref and out 

17) <input type =”text” ng-model =”::test”> what will be the out put (one time bindig to 

ng=model )? 

18) When will we use ng-if ,when will we use ng-show? Real time example bolo 

19) How will increase store proc performance. 

20) What you will do to improve appliation performance 

21) What is refelction in C# ? 

-----_---------------------- 

 

 

 

Vinod 

-------------------+ 

restFul vs non-restFul services 

equals vs == 

linq query to filter table with lst of id's in linq -> contains may not results exact value. 

any vs contains 

singleordefault vs firstordefault which one is faster. 

get only odd rows from lst using jquery or javascript 

why JSON is so popular 

advanatage of SP's 

how do u handle exceptions using try catch in sql 

how set drop down value using text from text value pair 

 

 

 

Rafiq 

----------------- 

Aspire 

--------------------------- 

 

difference between service and factory 

Abstraction 

Interface 

abstract class 

encapsulation 

inheritence 

Why C# doesn't allow multiple inheritence 

Overloading 

Overriding 

C# priniples 

C# features 

can we create object for abstract 

VonExpy 

------------------- 

Tell me about ur self 

Tell me about current working project 

HTTpActionResult status code 

ActionResult Status Code 

Linq 

AddRange() Add 

Different approaches in MVC 

wat is mvc 

Jquery validations 

Partial views 

Default master page name in mvc 

How to pass more than one viewmodel from controller to view 

ORM Tolls 

Which development process ur using in ur porject 

How to write validation for reuired in jquery 

First or FirstOrDefault() 

jira 

RayTex IT Services 

----------------------- 

in list of array the fifth element should be in bold 

in dropdown when we select one option then below div in green color(background) and if we 

select second option then below div in red background 

var and dynamic difference 

ng-if and ng-show diffrence 

Getting 6th Highest salary 

left join 

getting records related HR department(using group by) 

how to change ActionName 

how routing will be run in MVC 

why we use abstract 

what is abstract class 

can we create an object for abstrct class and why 

WebAPI Route and RoutePrefix 

Second round --> 

assembly 

How to know version and specification of assembly 
manifest 
asp.net life cycle 
partial class 
StateManagement 
Program example for Abstraction, Inheritance, Encapsulation, polymorphism 
tell me about your project 
can we create an assembly with different technologies 
what is class 
How to create dlls in visual studio 
Dateset 
User Controls in ado.net 
GAC 
Azility 
result types in mvc 
attributes in custom directive 
attribute routing 
convention based routing 
routing mechanism in mvc 
data binding in angualarjs(two way binding, one way, one time binding) 
stored procedure 
diff between stored procedure and function 
String and StringBuilder 
Access Specifiers types 
constructors in c# 
what is property 
read only property write only propery, read and write property (public int Id { get;}, public int 

Id{set;},public int Id{get; set;}) 

count the number of 'i' in given string 

write simple program for method overloading 

left join and inner join 

can we return more than one value from function 

constructor and types 

inheritance 

multilevel inheritance and program 

query to get the records from two tables based on condition and display records after top 5 

records 

Linq to get the records from two tables based on condition 

what is javascipt and jquery which is the fast 

Index diferent type of index and difference between them 

current roles in project 

explain about project 

can we return table from stored proc 

how to insert 4 table records in db(optimization when saving?) 

how to get records from two tables based on groupid in LINQ 

how to validate duplicate emailID in form 

Partial class 

why we are using webapi can we acheive through MVC 

How to get the last day of the month using DateTime class 

How to compare two dates, no of days between two dates 

How to pass data to custom directives 


Viewstate and session 
how pagination will work 
CTE in Database 
Httpclient 
Repository Pattern 
When to use GET, PUT, POST, DELETE 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50056514/put-method-can-insert-delete-then-why-we-have-to-use-post-method-instead-of-pu 
Angular project with .net core 

https://github.com/saineshwar/Angular-7-Project-with-ASP.NET-CORE-APIS 

https://www.aspdotnet-suresh.com/2015/04/csharp-interview-questions-and-answers-for-experienced-freshers-with-examples.html 
 
http://www.f5debug.net/post/2012/09/17/350-Interview-Questions-and-Answers-on-Net-Framework-OOPS-ASPNet-CNet-SQL-Server-WCF-in-one-place.aspx 







Programming Questions

int x = 1245
int sum = 0;
while(x!=0){
	
	int y = x%10;
	
	sum +=y;
	x = x/10;
}

Console.Write(sum);

int[] arr1 =[2,3,1,5];

arr1.sort();

Console.Write(arr1[arr1.length-2]);

int max1 = 0;
int max2 = 0;
int temp = 0;
for(int i =0;i<arr1.length;i++){

	temp = arr1[i];
	if(max1 > arr1[i]){
		max1 = arr[i];
		
		if(temp<max1){
		
		max2 = arr1[i]
		}
	}
	
}

Console.Write(max2);


string temp = "aabbccxyz";

char[] c = temp.toCharArray();

for(int i=0; i<c.length;i++){
	if(c[i]== "x"){
		if(c[i+1] == "y"){
			if(c[i+2] == "z"){
				c[i] = "a";
				c[i+1] = "b";
				c[i+2] = "c";
			}
		}
	}
}

Console.Write(c.ToString());

Will the below code compile?
Interface A {void get ()}
Interface B {void get ()}
Class C:A,B {public void get () {}}


Will the below code compile?
class A {public virtual void Get(){}}
class B : A {}
class C : B {public override void Get(){}}

What will be the output?
class A{ public virtual void Print(){Console.Writeline("A");}}
class B:A{ public new void Print(){Console.Writeline("B");}}
A b = new B();
b.Print();

var cat = new Animal();
object dog = new Animal();


What will be the output of following code?
try
{
	string a = null;
	Console.Writeline(a.Length);
}
catch(Exception ex)
{
	Console.Writeline("Exception");
}
catch(NullReferenceException ex)
{
	Console.Writeline("NullReferenceException");
}
Gaurav Jain3:10 PM
int 1245
=> 12

"aabbccxyzab"
"xyz" => "abc" 



select DENSE_RANK(OVER PARTITION BY SALARY ORDER BY SALARY DESC) RowNum FROM Employee WHERE RowNum = 2

Duplicate records, delete
https://www.sqlservertutorial.net/sql-server-basics/delete-duplicates-sql-server


RXJs operator and its use
Constructor chaining
Private cosntructor
Write singleton class
Base keyword in method override
Cluster vs non cluster
How to add Global exception
Async await, multithreading, thread, looping thread operations
CORS
Loosely coupled 
Agile
Primary vs Unique key difference
AOT vs JIT
How you handle exceptions in .net core
Where we use static class
Authentication key and value
Global exception vs method level exception
Filters authentication authorize using claims identity
Where we use interfaces
Types of temp table
Is and AS use
Early binding and late binding
Can we use abstract class instead of interfacd in DI
Generic type collection
Method overloading in interface
Custom annotations in c#
ORM dataset datareader entity framework
Lambda expression
Can we create component through cli using particular module name
How to reduce bundling size
Router events
Rowspan columnspan, paginator in angular material
How to use compoment from one module to another module
How width is handled of images for small scale and large devices
Snackbar duration for longer time
Stateless
Routing
IDisposable
Self join father grandfather
Lazy loading in angular
Swagger in API
RFID card scanning, Payment Gateway, Email functionality.
JSON files in .net core
Maim start of .net core class startup.cs Program.cs
Stack heap ref vs value types
Garbage collector I disposable
Can we create static constructor in nkrmal vice versa
Abstratct class can we define method as virtual
Dispose and finalize
Will Finally execute if we write route navigate in catch block 
Repository pattern, Generic repository pattern, advantages of it if not used cons of it
Concurrency, multithreading
Explain in MYSQL
Hoisting clousure
Var let const
Caching with interceptor
Types of pipes, directives
Encapsulation in angular
Properties in ngmodule
Lazyloading
How we communicate cross component
Subject vs observable
How to store previos value in ngonchange
How to get output of 3 observable single time
Global level exceptionhandling
Routing where to add
Data integrity
Websocket communication
Exception handling in .net core
Use of base keyword
Generic class
Diamond problem
when to use protected and private constructor
cross component comunication using ngOnChange
can we use sealed on method if yes then instead we can use override or new
.Net Core Authentication, Authorization
Entity framework, ADO.Net
Async await, exception handling
Modern softwares and systems architecture, load balancing, performance tuning, availability, business continuity, fault tolerant distributed system, 
microservices, Devops and Agile Practices
Controller to controller data pass
RedirectToAction
Can we do dml operations in function
Triggers vs storedprocedure
Exception handling in stored procedure
5th record from table, last indentity column
Different action results
How data is converted from db
Disconnected architecture dataset datareader
Dictionary vs Hashtable
Can we use variable in interface
Struct vs class
String stringbuilder
Boxing unboxing
Object var dynamic
Value vs reference
SQL unique indexes
Performance tuning practices
How will you make secure web api
How to say to user time got expired what if token got expired what will happen
What is claims identity
how to notify user to say session got expired
async await
Indexer in c#
Constructor copy constructor
Routing, Same Action method name, Controller name
Authentication
Angular elements
var vs dynamic
Microservices
practical where C =A class assigned
sp vs function
Under what circumstances use a Garbage collector 
How to handle exception handling
How to use SQL profiler
The query execution plan, how do you read that table scan, index scan
Parallelize the queries
Where you have used multithreading in project situation
Normalization
Features developed by you and how like export to excel, print pdf
What problems you have faced and how you provided solution - Batch job performance
Microsoft certification
Charts in angular
How will you represent yourself in programming
How many classes you will create to represent family tree and what properties will that family class have
Lambda expression, multithreading
Concurrency and Parallelism
Async and Thread, Task
Difference between server side and client side code main difference

How will you maintain Sessions when user login and how it will get expire how will you handle that
Types of collections 
To maintain cache which collection you will use - MemoryCollection
Self join example managerid and employee id
Query optimization
Create a view using mvc orders and customer model how to show both of them
Which algorithm you will use to sort it
Partial views
Questions on constructors
Records with same id number in two tables if we apply all join how much records it will fetch
Unit testing framework like MSTest or NUnit
Agile, TDD
What is hoisting
Content header, JWT implementation how you pass the key from angular
NgRx
How to abort if maliscious attack is present in middleware in .net core
Soap vs rest vs web api
Can we use functions of sql server in c#
Middleware main use example
Helpertag
Routeroutlet
Financial year change
Routing differences
SQL interview questions
Give example of any DI added in your project and Middleware
What is present in startup class in .net core
What is Iquerable difference with Ienumerable and list






Solutions provided by me
Excel functionality - multiple sheet
To Null Amount values created function 
PDF generation
From date todate common functionality created library



SQL
Web Api
C#
ANGULAR
SQL
.Net Core API
Javascript
Solid Principles
Design Patterns - must
LINQ
CSS
Data structure and Coding practice
JWT Authentication

Do POC of
Authentication, DI,  Caching, OOPS, MVC, Filter, extension method, Excel, Pdf, Chart in Angular, Multigrid, Pagination, Unit Testing, .Net core crud application, LINQ



